red faction armageddon proves once again
that we should never leave earth deep in
the heart of Mars lurks an endless
supply of angry Martians just waiting to
send you back home in a body bag in the
new infestation mode you and up to three
of your brave as friends will take on
the Red Menace one wave at a time
I'm so happy to be joined by Jamison
Durrell you are the lead level designer
on red faction armageddon we're checking
out a new cooperative multiplayer mode
called infestation this the first time
we're shown infestation it's our
cooperative for up to four player
multiplayer mode and basically we've got
a series of waves in different maps that
you can go through and you're trying to
stop the alien horde from coming into an
area and also I mean which is just true
the Red Faction games that you have some
interesting weaponry it's not just
shotgun a machine gun I mean that that
must sort of open up the way that you
and your teammates can can play through
the mode absolutely with a fully
destructible world you know you've got
the opportunity to do some interesting
things like the magnet gun which is a
big thing for us it allows you to grab
any piece of the world and launch it
anywhere else or grab an enemy and
launch him somewhere else so as you're
playing through this especially in the
tight areas you've got weapons like the
plasma cannon which will blow up
everything around you and kind of clear
out the space to let you fight and then
we have the pair ability that will let
you kind of bring some of that cover
back when you need it now also there are
kind of special powers the player gets
in the single-player game and that
transfers over here and that opens up a
whole other realm of strategy right the
nano 4g abilities is something that
Darius says in the main campaign and he
has access to all of them there but we
wanted to do here was kind of give each
player access to one of them which is
choose abul so now you can if one
players run around with shell which
allows them to build a little force
field around them momentarily and the
next person has berserk which gives them
a faster firepower no reload times on
unlimited ammo they can sit behind the
show it's being created and just
launched on people and not have to worry
about getting hurt themselves now what
we've been looking at is kind of the
traditional horde mode where you're just
try to survive but this is a defend mode
this is not I mean I maybe this has been
done before but it seems quite notable
well the thing that we're doing here is
we give you a key structure in the world
that in our fully destructible world
that you have to make sure stays alive
aliens are coming in the same way they
were before but you have your main
objective is to make sure that the
building that has this icon on it stays
up so now you're killing the enemies to
keep them away but you additionally have
the option of using repair to keep the
building up right as well so let's talk
about the GMO technology because I think
that adds another interesting twist to
this this cooperative mode the way G
Ahmad works is anything in the world
that's man-made is destructible so you
can take this sheer down to cave walls
if you want to we have to be careful in
which ways you're doing that
try to be tactical about how you're
taking down the enemies because each
enemy has their own strengths and
weaknesses as well so red faction
armageddon coming out on May 31st ps3
360 and PC yes alright well thank you so
much for coming by and showing us this
exclusive look at infestation let's send
it over to the studio of exclusivity